Add some fixes to documentation (#1392)
opensafely-core/ehrql: docs/tutorial/running-ehrql.md

To use ehrQL, you'll first need to import the tables that you want to interact with:

>     from ehrql.tables.beta.core import patients, medications

Reviewer: thought:

I'm guessing you've removed the `>>>` prompt to make it easier to copy-paste the code. That makes sense.

But I'm not sure if we're still best to keep the prompt indicators in, to show that this to be done in a Python interactive console.

Author: That's fine! Having that context as a [code block title](https://squidfunk.github.io/mkdocs-material/reference/code-blocks/#adding-a-title) would be nice!

Reviewer: Ah, that's actually a use of that titling I hadn't considered!

I'll look into how we might use that.

    8,,
    9,,

> :notepad_spiral: The bottom 4 rows in the generated dataset show that there are 4 patients in the provided example data that do not have any record for the medications specified in the dataset definition.

Reviewer: nit:

I like this clarification, but maybe we can be even clearer:

```suggestion
:notepad_spiral: The bottom 4 rows in the generated dataset show that there are 4 patients in the defined population that do not have any record for the medications specified in the dataset definition.
```
